um hello this is Robert kruky my dog
find out and we're going to be teaching
him a lesson
teaching you a lesson because if you can
come right over here with me you can
steer that he's been a bad boy see that
it's raining poop over there and he has
explosive diarrhea as you can tell but
all right about here he has very bad
urinary transactions if you go in then
don't really want to get the stream of
things but up here if you really want to
and as you can see we have many things
that fight it was eaten and he's been
eating everything inside of my tires
leading a stomach and go up up up up now
oh man oh man
ok
I can't really get the sword did you
come to get Guinness
tobacco and as you see the offenders
living Bob this is what fighter does
you wanna die what are you doing why the
Fox now since we're back here again oh
if you'll just sir kindly follow me
right here you can see that we did not
like afraid of getting around with all
the people and cats and dogs overall in
heat same time but all yeah we had him
neutered and yes a pretty big balls of
fury too soon I mean any watch this